---PROGRAMMING---
-FAVS-
https://fasterthanli.me/index.xml programming rust
https://jvns.ca/atom.xml programming
https://nyanpasu64.gitlab.io/atom.xml programming
-OTHERS-
https://blog.robertelder.org/rss programming
https://foosoft.net/feeds/posts.atom programming
https://www.cs.cornell.edu/~asampson/blog.xml programming
https://izzys.casa/rss.xml programming 
https://quietmisdreavus.net/feed.xml programming 
https://faultlore.com/blah/rss.xml programming rust
https://matklad.github.io/feed.xml programming rust
https://without.boats/index.xml programming rust
https://www.felienne.com/feed programming 
https://mitchellh.com/feed.xml programming zig
https://nullprogram.com/feed/ programming
https://zed.dev/blog.rss programming rust
https://asahilinux.org/blog/index.xml programming
https://strongly-typed-thoughts.net/blog/feed programming
https://blog.m-ou.se/index.xml programming rust
https://cliffle.com/rss.xml programming
http://www.milchior.fr/blog_en/index.php/feed/atom programming
https://antirez.com/rss programming
https://matklad.github.io/feed.xml programming rust
https://www.tedinski.com/feed.xml programming
https://this-week-in-rust.org/atom.xml programming rust
https://blog.theembeddedrustacean.com/rss.xml programming rust
https://os.phil-opp.com/rss.xml programming rust
https://readrust.net/all/feed.rss programming rust
---MUSIC---
https://thecreativeindependent.com/feed.xml music
---POLITICS---
https://newleftreview.org/feed politics
